hey guys what's going on welcome back to
another video from review the magic and
today we're gonna preview a few new
lines from Funko they are from Disney
Pixar's brand new movie that's coming
out this summer inside out I'm gonna
show you the Funko pops as well as the
mystery miniseries that goes along with
inside out as well who's excited for
this movie I know we are now obviously
being Disney fans being Funko fans we're
gonna have to get all these so we
actually already pre-ordered them if you
want to preorder them we put a little
link down below to entertainment earth
but let's first take a look at the five
there's actually six but I'm gonna show
you five right here of the main
characters we have anger disgust fear
joy and sadness again if you've watched
the trailer you know a little bit about
these characters but we're not going to
know all about these characters until
that movie comes out in june so let's
give you an up-close look at these five
plus one funko pop so there is anger
yeah he looks mad he looks mad so there
is discussed look at that look on her
face there is fear he just looks scared
actually does he look scared I don't
know there's joy that's a cute little
Funko pop right there love the designs
on these boxes there is sadness as well
as Bing bong I don't know who Bing bong
is but I just like saying Bing bong so
now let's take a look at the Funko
mystery minis there are 12 in this set I
don't know if they're gonna be any rares
but it seems like all the recent sets
are all one out of 12 so expect them to
be 1 out of 12 and there's a quick look
at the box right there so there was our
quick preview of the upcoming Disney
Pixar inside out lines from Funko the
mystery minis as well as the Pops
comment below if you're excited for the
movie comment below if you're gonna pick
up some of these Funko's we already
pre-ordered them pre-order them down
below if you'd like to pick them up
we're gonna open them for you we should
be getting them sometime in June so in
the next few weeks we will do some
videos and unboxings for you there for
you guys so there you go guys hit that
subscribe button if you want to stay up
to date with our new videos also like us
on Facebook as well as Twitter we just
open the Twitter account so we're gonna
do some stuff their face again for
watching and we'll see you real soon if
this concludes your visit we hope you've
had a wonderful time and will return
home safely